= Introduction

This library is used to build TWR files for use with ArmyCalc

== Requirements

This program requires Ruby and the following gems:
  haml
  archive-tar-minitar
  fastercsv

Ruby needs to be run with the -rubygems argument, add RUBYOPT=-rubygems to your environment to do this.
  set RUBYOPT=-rubygems; export RUBYOPT

== Usage

There are two 'rake' commands you can use
 rake generate CONFIG=
 rake build CONFIG=

The first creates the necessary XML files based on the data provided in the
specified config file.

The second runs generate and then packs the resulting files into a TWR file.

The following command can be used to clean up temporary files.
 rake clean

== Config File Layout

The config file is a standard YAML file; below is an example.

 ---
 ruleset: Sample Ruleset
 name: Sample Army
 author:  U R Namehere (you@example.com)
 defaultArmyName: My Army
 units: units.csv
 bonuses: bonuses.csv
 attrs: dexterity strength agility life
 media: media

'ruleset' is the unique name of your rule system. Example 'WH40K 5E' 'WFB 7E'

'name' is the name of the army. Examples 'Space Wolves' 'Dwarves'

'author' is optional.

'defaultArmyName' is optional. Examples 'The Sons of Russ' 'Spudz Crew'

'units' is the name and relative location of the units CSV.

'bonuses' is the name and relative location of the bonuses CSV.

'attrs' is a space separated list of the attributes to display in the unit's stat line in ArmyCalc. This should be included in both the CSVs.

'media' is the relative location to look for thumbnail unit image files.

== CSV Layout

=== Units CSV

The following columns are required in the units CSV. You also need to include
a column for each item in the 'attrs' list in the config file.

 name,description,category,min,max,baseCost,costPer,thumbnail

'name' is the unique name of the unit. Examples 'Blood Claw Pack' 'Cannon'

'description' is the unit description.

'category' is the category of the unit. Examples 'Troop' 'Core' 'Hero'

'min' is the minimum number allowed when a unit is taken.

'max' is the maximum number allowed when a unit is taken.

'baseCost' is the base cost of the unit when taken if applicable.

'costPer' is the cost per model when the unit is taken if applicable.

'thumbnail' is the file name (case sensitive) of a picture that represents the unit. This file should be located in the folder named in 'media' in the config file.

'attrs' can be left blank when they do not apply to a unit.

Additional columns may be included of attributes you wish a unit to have that will not be displayed on the stat line.

=== Bonuses CSV

The following columns are required in the bonuses CSV. You also need to include
'attrs' from the config file.

 name,description,min,max,baseCost,costPer,owner

'name' is the name of your bonus and needs to be unique for the owner only.
Examples 'Power Sword' 'Amulet of Power'

'description' is the bonus description.

'min' is the minimum number allowed when a bonus is taken.

'max' is the maximum number allowed when a bonus is taken.

'baseCost' is the base cost of the bonus when taken if applicable.

'costPer' is the cost per model when the bonus is taken if applicable.

'owner' is the owner of the bonus. There are two possibilities here, the bonus
can either be owned by unit, in which place the owner is the name of the unit.
The other possibility is the bonus is owned by another bonus, in which case the
owner is "unit name/bonus name" for example "Blood Claw Pack/Transport".

'attrs' can be left blank when they do not apply to a bonus.

Additional columns may be included of attributes you wish a unit to have that will not be displayed on the stat line.

== Resources

- ArmyCalc website: http://www.armycalc.com
- Project website: http://semmons99.github.com/armycalc-twr-builder
- Git repository: http://github.com/semmons99/armycalc-twr-builder/tree/master
